Upgrade thanos version (#4394)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Memberlist: the `memberlist_kv_store_value_bytes` has been removed due to values no longer being stored in-memory as encoded bytes. #4345
* [CHANGE] Prevent path traversal attack from users able to control the HTTP header `X-Scope-OrgID`. #4375 (CVE-2021-36157)
  * Users only have control of the HTTP header when Cortex is not frontend by an auth proxy validating the tenant IDs

> * [CHANGE] The directory and file permissions for TSDB blocks stored on disk in ingester, compactor and store-gateway have been restricted to be writeable only by the owner and readable by owner and group. #4394

Reviewer: Addresses Peter's comment:

```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Some files and directories created by Mimir components on local disk now have stricter permissions, and are only readable by owner, but not group or others. #4394
```
